The soldiers who seemed to get up again, who were not able to see the soldiers, stand up.
They are not just looking at the soldiers.
The face that was drenched in sweat and dust is indistinguishable from what they saw.
It seems that the workers have changed slightly, but we are the same.
When we stand on the floor of the dust before the work is started,
the remaining reverse orbit is almost the same as in the morning.
The work is still just a little bit of work.
I was thinking about how long it would take from the morning work.
The soldiers after that seem to be thinking the same thing as me.
The soldiers on the first floor of the knee are whispering.
I wonder if we can take days to do this kind of work.
Why? I've never done it before.
I say that while laughing.
I don't mind working every day like this,
but I don't want to do this kind of work every day.
I want to ask if this is okay.
I wonder if this is okay.
I thought that the example was good,
but I knew that the motivation for the question was extremely natural.
I wonder if our mission is accomplished with this.
I can't help but be worried about it.
It's well done.
I wonder why it's doubtful.
I'm working like this,
but I'm in front of the soldiers who are having a harder time,
and I'm worried about the enemy who doesn't live in the people.
Then I get to work.
Then I start thinking about that kind of thing again.
It's a way of explaining to everyone.
I understand that feeling,
so I've been working hard many times.
After all, I felt something that couldn't be said in my heart.
I also know well what kind of character and meaning
our work has.
The memories that must be held in the process of that work
are strangely swaying our thoughts.
Anyway, we'll do what we can.
That's fine.
While working with the first-class soldiers and other soldiers,
I suddenly realized that this kind of feeling
is something that cannot be felt after fighting with a gun.
After taking the gun,
I feel something strange after the battle with the enemy,
which I can't say is a fatigue.
The conclusion of the battle is not the benefit,
but the satisfaction that other people can't taste.
It's a different feeling after the work.
There's something that I can't be satisfied with.
The difficulty of the battle work is actually there.
To make the soldiers who want to jump out with a gun
feel the difficulty,
I remember the words of the commander of the Mizumabu.
No matter what the situation is,
we must forget the mission of moving the train.
We must fight with the track away.
But that's just one of the missions.
For that, we must forget the original mission.
Now I think that the commander of the Mizumabu
has a deep meaning.
Thank you for watching.